it's been it's been very different for
me last year I played at three-thirty
right now I'm at a solid 318 the lowest
I've been next summer's about 314 315 so
it's most definitely you know pay
dividends for us as an offensive line
dropping weight getting ready for this
spread office it is important in this
often you want guys that can move you
look at Texas A&M who ran it last year
Luke Joeckel Matthews those guys they
didn't wait any more than like 30 seven
or so but my body type is you want his
body type we can hold a lot more weight
you know so we're just gonna continue to
drop a little bit and get ready it's no
pressure because the thing is we've been
together for a long time now and I think
this team will go as far as we push it
you know where the leaders of this team
so we got a lot of young guys at the
skill position but I think they'll push
themselves to get to where we need to be
to win some games and sec you know I
hate being asked that question but the
competitive side of me was gonna say me
but you want is a great player he could
play left tackle all also
I'm sorry I can't hear you
um well I think one of the things is
knowing our tradition in knowing who we
are our identity you know I'm saying
asking guys do they know what the power
T stands for making sure that guys know
that we're one of the most storied
programs that in your college football
so just making sure that guy's
understanding their you know understand
the tradition that we have and also you
know just plan for each other you know
I'm saying there's no individualism just
everybody coming out there for one
mission
I mean that's why you come to you that's
why you come to come to play an sec you
know I came to university of tennessee
because like i said it's one of the most
storied programs at college football and
that's you know and as you see you're
gonna play against the best competition
and that's what that's what I look
forward to today be on Carney is a
really dynamic player really great i
mean 66 370 pounds around a 446 you kids
you just can't teach there he's a great
player his first step off the ball is it
something amazing but the thing is I'm a
good player too i mean it is what it is
you know and you know i'm just looking
forward to you know to this year getting
our you know getting a rematch